Update README to reflect v2.0 work. (#898)
w3c/vc-data-model: README.md

on the
[public-vc-wg](http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/)
mailing list.

## Verifiable Credentials Working Group
* Group page: [https://www.w3.org/2017/vc/WG/](https://www.w3.org/2017/vc/WG/)
* Charter: [https://www.w3.org/2022/06/verifiable-credentials-wg-charter.html](https://www.w3.org/2022/06/verifiable-credentials-wg-charter.html)
* Chairs
  * Brent Zundel - @brentzundel
  * Kristina Yasuda - @Sakurann

### Verifiable Credentials github repos
* [Use Cases](https://github.com/w3c/vc-use-cases)
* [Data Model](https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model)
* [Implementation Guide](https://github.com/w3c/vc-imp-guide/)
* [Data Model Test Cases](https://github.com/w3c/vc-test-suite)

### Discussion Forums
* [W3C Credentials Community Group Mailing List (Incubation)](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/)
* [W3C Verifiable Credentials WG Mailing List (Standardization)](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/)

## Process Overview for VC Data Model Pull Requests
1. Anyone can open a PR on the repository. Note that for the PR to be merged,
   the individual must agree to the
   [W3C Patent Policy](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Patent-Policy/).

> 2. Once a PR is opened on the `v2.0` branch, chairs and editors make judgement

Reviewer: I expect this may become a source of confusion, because it is not the "usual" setup. That is why I would be in favour of using the 'main' branch for v2.0 for now on.

Author: There is no longer a `main` branch. IIRC, we removed it in the v1.1 days because it was confusing people. 

I'm indifferent wrt. if we add it back by renaming the `v2.0` back to `main`.

We probably need to decide if we are going to use tags to specify versions, or branches -- branches make sense when there is active development (such as the v1.1 work), tags make sense when we cut a release and don't plan to update that particular release (which is the case for v1.0 and v1.1). 

So, we could say, `main` is always the latest ED spec. When we need to make a minor release, we create a branch, work on that branch and then release from that branch. Once the release is finalized, we convert the branch to a tag and delete the branch.

This means, we would:

1. Create tags for: `v1.0` and `v1.1`
2. Delete the branches for `v1.0` and `v1.1`
3. Rename the `v2.0` branch to `main` and set Github Pages to publish from `main`.

The other option would just skip step 3 above. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Personally, what I am interested in is the v2.0->main change. I am neutral as for (1) and (2); my lazy nature says just leave things as they are, it does not make too much difference in practice.

Reviewer 2: I think having our primary branch be called `main` will be less confusing for folks, especially since we are not working on multiple versions concurrently this time around.

Author: > I think having our primary branch be called `main` will be less confusing for folks

The main branch has been renamed to `main`.

   call on whether changes are substantive or editorial.
   <dl>
     <dt>Editorial</dt>
     <dd>Mark with "editorial" tag</dd>
     <dt>Substantive</dt>
     <dd>Mark with "substantive" tag.</dd>
   </dl>

> 3. W3C CCG is automatically notified of PRs as they are raised and discussed.

Reviewer: Has an automatic procedure been set up for this?

Author: Yep, via [github-notify-ml](https://github.com/w3c/github-notify-ml-config): 

CCG receives weekly updates for all VCWG specs on Mondays: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2022Jul/0104.html

> 4. PRs are merged in 7 days if there is adequate review, as determined by
>    the Chairs and Editors, and no objections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. PRs are usually merged in 7 days if there is adequate review and consensus,
   as determined by the Chairs and Editors.
```
